Resolve vulnerabilities in azul-elasticsearch image (DataBiosphere/azul-private#93 (#5517)
DataBiosphere/azul: UPGRADING.rst

have too many entries in this file.

DataBiosphere/azul-private#93 Resolve vulnerabilities in azul-elasticsearch
===========================================================================

Operator
~~~~~~~~

Before pushing the PR branch to the ``sandbox``, ``anvilbox``, or ``hammerbox``

> deployment, manually deploy the ``shared`` component of corresponding main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployments, manually deploy the ``shared`` component of the corresponding main
```

> deployment. If the PR fails during testing and is not merged, rollback the

Reviewer: "rollback" is a noun, "roll back" is the verb form.

```suggestion
deployment. If the PR fails during testing and is not merged, roll back the
```
